Created first FAQ item on ignoring IDE config files (#2)
ezsystems/ezplatform-code-style: doc/FAQ.md

# FAQ

## 1. Why didn't you include `.idea` and `nbproject` in your `.gitignore` files?

IDE-specific configuration files are technically not a part of any project. They are a part of

> Developer's environment setup. There are several ways to achieve that by Git's global list 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Developer's environment setup, so they should be ignored system-wide. There are several ways to achieve that with Git's global list
```
